[BD-4962] Add message step requirement for Winning Path/Personalized Path with opens/clicks conversion events (#10071)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/experiment_step/winning_path.md

### Step 2: Configure Winning Path settings

> Specify the conversion event that should determine the winner. If there are no conversion events available, return to the first step of Canvas setup and [assign conversion events]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#choose-conversion-events). Note that if you determine the winner with opens and clicks, the first step in the path must be a Message step, and only the first message in the path that generates opens or clicks will contribute to determining the winner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the conversion event that should determine the winner. If there are no conversion events available, return to the first step of Canvas setup and [assign conversion events]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#choose-conversion-events). 

If you choose opens or clicks as your conversion event, make sure the first step in the path is a [Message step]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/message_step). Braze only counts engagement from the first Message step in the path. If the path starts with a different step (like a Delay or Audience Path step) and the message comes later, that message won’t be included when evaluating performance.
```
